Motion Amendments 2019 - Committe/Team Senior Member (#26)
thewca/wca-documents: documents/motions/10.2017.0 - Committees and Teams.md

      3. The WCA Board of Directors shall have the right to withdraw the appointment of a Committee Leader, if the Committee Leader does not comply with the rights and duties of Committee Leader, after advisory consultation by the WCA Ethics Committee.
         1. For the withdrawal of the WCA Ethics Committee Leader, the WCA Board of Directors will ask for advisory consultation to the WCA Disciplinary Committee.
         2. If none of these consultations is possible due to the inexistence of these Committees or because these Committees are not functional, the WCA Board of Directors will proceed without consultation.

> 5. Each WCA Committee and Team may have one or more Senior Member(s).

Reviewer: I think this whole section should go. Instead, we should add a line under 4.2.2. similar to it. E.g. "Promoting outstanding Committee Members to Committee Senior Members."

Reviewer: Add "promoting and demoting" to 4.2.2.

>    1. Senior Members are eligible for promotion after they have served at least 1 year in at least one of the Committees.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Senior Members are eligible for promotion after they have served at least 1 year, cumulatively, as a Staff and/or External Staff Member.
```

**Approved by the Board**

>       1. If a Member joins a new Team and lefts the old one, the time spent in the old Team shall count for the 1 year period.

Reviewer 2: lefts -> leaves

maybe: "count for" -> "count towards"

Reviewer: Remove this point.

**Approved by the Board**

>    2. Leaders shall appoint Members for promotion to become Senior Members who are doing and outstanding work for their Team and for the WCA.

Reviewer 2: This reads weird to me. It sounds like it's saying that Members who aren't doing outstanding work would be appointed to become Senior Members who are now doing outstanding work?

I would reorder this a bit. How about:

- Leaders shall (will? can? may?) appoint Members who are doing outstanding work to the role of Senior Member.

>    2. Leaders shall appoint Members for promotion to become Senior Members who are doing and outstanding work for their Team and for the WCA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   2. A Committee Leader may give a member the status of Senior Member if the Leader judges that the member has shown their fitness for the position.
```

**Approved by the Board**

>    3. Senior Members are automatically Staff Members, therefore they are eligible for Board Elections and are Voting Members as well.

Reviewer: Remove this point.

**Approved by the Board**
